Yes then I would like to explain the tackle I used today
First come from the left, this is steez 's 63 mh
Reel with a Jointed Claw in is limited t Namiki of steez
Ne
So what is this for?
If Nde Akamatsu's was probably thought to come fishing with Toka big bait Toka flock
So
I asked if I called and asked if I thought I would throw it up, but once I saw the village
not
Continue to
a building
Rodman is an original clothesline bait finesse model
This is still a pro
Teddy with d 3 air
To the worm is
4.5 inches cat relief with drive claws
This is that standing tree
At the main
I used to know what is life line 7 pounds
It is the name Bow of red spool Jackal Let's pool
Here is a red spool of Twelve
In this time
Harrier f spec
Ting 3 and red spool 7 pounds
Heavidan around this next
I used it in
The last line has been broken for a while now
But he does not attach
Then this is Harrier of steez
Esties
With sv spool attached to the line with twelve red spools
In this drive worm shuts down drive
It is no no sinker
This is already a cover shot
There is no Edo byte
Continued on the steez bridge
Prits and steals sv
In line 10 straight road
In this new osp
It's a taste if metal
This is a good feeling for the expectant
I use it in shooting if it looks
All up to this Tsutsu'
I used it
Do you not play an active part
Go
It is here
Horn
Sky flash
When
Some of the 20 also
I'm thinking of a fan of 3 pounds and a red spool
Down shot here
light
With 1.3g Kana 103g
Shuffle and body
around osb
But it is hard to bring from skill
Has entered
Black blue
Nde had just we put all this
This is a function of today and also today fish
It is a catch Taro and fish
Gray ghost of the phase
Completely 4 to an expert
Red spool 3 pounds
Which down shot sinker is 2.6g
hp shad tail 2.5 black
This is
There is Ignis type
Red spool theory pounds to the next
So why is this a lot of original clothesline's?
Are made with Rodman lab made now in shut the like are also rod Naa hospital
Kojiro car
This last of the last I ate at the feet Barre Chai I Mashitan
Pro maybe 50 close
I think that I had a Vealer today, but it was also pasted .
I will continue
Also as Stage Noni Maru
Red spool 3 Pound have is
Perro and tomorrow's teas sky flash
You are here
New Produce Sumo Rubber for osp
The trailer is a 3 inch drive wheel
This is Miki Aoi who was taught by Mr. Komori
10m 9m Rose 11m line flat area
Smart
The last to go back
Reel is a piece of 25 r 6
Perro also looks like the clothesline's s
Light Carolyn Day This is wearing sinker of 3.5g
Used
It is tangled up to here when this Brave is pushed
that's all
Does not incur the video Thank you very much To